docs: terraform version usage after allowing additional `required_version` specifiers (#2760)
runatlantis/atlantis: runatlantis.io/docs/terraform-versions.md

See [atlantis.yaml Use Cases](repo-level-atlantis-yaml.html#terraform-versions) for more details.

## Via terraform config

> Alternatively, one can use the terraform configuration block's `required_version` key to [specify an exact version or version constraint](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/expressions/version-constraints#version-constraint-syntax):

Reviewer: It would be good to make a note of the `v0.21.0` release as well.

Before the `v0.21.0` release, only `"x.y.z"` and `"= x.y.z"` would download the appropriate terraform version.

Now `~>` and `=>` also can be used.

> ```tf

Reviewer: Let's add some example of the version constraint syntax and the terraform result of them

terraform {
  required_version = "0.12.0"
}
```
See [Terraform `required_version`](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings#specifying-a-required-terraform-version) for reference.

::: tip NOTE

> A `terraform_version` specified in the `atlantis.yaml` file takes precedence over both the default version and the `required_version` in the terraform config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `terraform_version` specified in the `atlantis.yaml` file takes precedence over both the [`--default-tf-version`](server-configuration.html#default-tf-version) flag and the `required_version` in the terraform hcl.
```
